[Music]
hi karriann graf with creative cooking
corner and today we're gonna make a
Jezebel cranberry sauce and I received
this recipe from a friend many years ago
and I've adapted it since that time okay
so I started off by turning my heat to
medium
I added sugar orange juice and a little
bit of water and I'm just stirring it to
dissolve the sugar
and once the sugar dissolves then I'm
gonna add my cranberries once we add the
cranberries we then let it cook on the
stovetop for about 10 minutes until the
cranberries start popping just gonna
stir the cranberries in and I'm just
gonna let it cook for about ten minutes
stirring from time to time okay so I've
been cooking the cranberries you can see
they've cooked them very nicely for
about ten minutes and I'm just gonna add
them to my Pyrex Bowl to let them cool
so you cover it with saran wrap and you
let the cranberry sauce come to room
temperature once it becomes room
temperature then I'm gonna add some
horseradish and Dijon mustard okay so
our cranberry sauce has cooled for about
two hours from then take the foil off
I'm just gonna stir it up a little bit
you can see it's gotten quite a bit
thicker since it's cool no I'm just
gonna add my Dijon mustard and my horse
ranch
now this cranberry sauce is perfect for
serving with chicken pork or turkey it's
even a nice little garnish that you can
put on top of a brick of cream cheese
and serve with nice crackers so I'm just
gonna stir it up you're gonna cover it
back up and we're gonna put it in the
refrigerator and it's ready for our
turkey dinner and grant with creative
cooking corner
Jezebel primary sauce if you'd like to
see more of our recipes go to our
website creative cooking corner com
[Music]